The Instagram train never slows down,
and according to Adam Mosseri himself,
the algorithm is changing on a daily
basis. And so in today's episode, I'm
going to share with you all of the
recent Instagram news, the platform
updates, new studies that have come out,
new features that have been announced,
and even some things that are still in
testing. And I'm sharing [music] all of
this with you so that you can get ahead
of the curve and continue to grow your
brand or small business on Instagram.
Which by the way, if we've never met
before, hello, my name is Brock Johnson,
and it is my full-time job to do exactly
that. It's my job to help you get better
results, whether that's more views,
followers, or customers directly through
Instagram by keeping you up to date with
the latest strategies, tips, and
breaking news. And so if you're trying
to grow a brand, business, or a
community, consider hitting that
subscribe button because every single
week on this podcast, I put out helpful
tips and videos to help you do exactly
that. And from the outset of today's
episode, I want you to know that the new
updates, new features, and studies that
I'm going to be sharing with you today
are the ones that are most relevant and
going to make the biggest difference for
you, at least in the near future on
Instagram. If I were to make a video
covering every single new change and
tweak that has come out recently, number
one, that video would be 3 hours long,
and number two, it would include a lot
of information that is just not
necessary or helpful for you to know,
and it would ultimately just confuse or
overwhelm you. And so in today's
episode, I've tried to distill this
information down to the eight biggest
and most important updates. And as a
precursor to these eight updates, I
think it's important to understand the
state of Instagram or kind of like where
are we at right now? And the stats that
I'm about to share with you come from a
study titled The State of Social Media
Engagement in 2026, and it was a study
that analyzed over 52 million posts. I
will link up the full study in the show
notes below this episode, but here are
some of the key takeaways. Number one,
engagement across the board on Instagram
has decreased by 26% in the last 2
years. That's a pretty massive drop. And
not to get too lost in the weeds, but I
believe the primary reason for this is
that there are a lot more people posting
a lot more content, and there's not
necessarily a lot more people consuming
or the amount of time that people are
consuming hasn't necessarily increased.
Basically, if we're thinking about this
in terms of supply and demand, supply is
way up and demand is relatively
stagnant. The second thing that you need
to know about the state of Instagram
right now is that it kind of performs
like two different platforms at the same
time. And what I mean by that is that on
the Instagram feed, reels and non-reels,
also known as carousels and photos, are
treated almost completely differently,
both by the algorithm and by the
audience. Reels on average get 36% more
reach than carousels, but carousels get
12% more engagement. And usually those
two things are a predictor of each
other. The more engagement you get, the
more reach you will be rewarded with.
The more reach you are rewarded with,
the more people are likely to engage.
However, this shows us quite clearly
that Instagram is favoring reels in
terms of what is going to get the most
views, but the average audience member
or your average follower is more likely
to engage with your carousels or your
photos. Not only are carousels getting
more overall engagement, they also have
a significantly higher engagement rate.
The median engagement rate for carousels
is 6.9%, while the median engagement
rate for single images is 4.4%,
and the median engagement rate for reels
is just 3.3%. So less than half the
engagement rate that carousels receive.
So as I always say, there is no
one-size-fits-all approach to growing on
Instagram, but I do believe that a
healthy Instagram strategy includes at
least some reels and some carousels. I
think that if you're in a season where
you're trying to really maximize views
and exposure, maybe you want to focus
more on reels. And if you're in a season
where you're maybe selling, trying to
generate more trust, or trying to
generate more of a community engagement
feel on your Instagram, then I would
lean more into carousels. And I really
believe that once you figure out
carousels and you can kind of unlock
ways to make them more creatively and
more uniquely, they can be a serious
driver for your Instagram's overall
growth and reach as well. By the way,
just a few weeks ago, I put out an
episode with eight helpful carousel
ideas. These are original, unique ideas
that aren't just cookie-cutter, stale,
overdone ideas. So if you want, I'll
link that up somewhere on the screen and
in the show notes below so you can check
that episode out. But with all that
being said, let's get into the eight
Instagram updates that you need to know.
And number one directly relates to
carousels, and that is that finally, you
have the ability to reorder your
carousels. This feature is one that many
users have been asking for for a very
long time, and Instagram is finally
given us the ability to do so. All you
have to do to reorder the slides in your
carousel after posting is tap on those
three dots in the upper right-hand
corner, and then long press or hold down
your finger on any of the individual
slides, and you'll be able to then drag
it to the right or to the left to move
its position within the carousel. Now,
why might you want to do this? Number
one is the obvious reason, which is you
made some sort of mistake or maybe
Instagram had some sort of glitch. You
meant for one slide to be in position
number four, and it ended up in position
number three, and so now after posting,
you want to swap the order rather than
having to delete the entire post and
re-upload it. The second use case for
this feature is deleting calls to action
that are no longer relevant. For
example, we recently had a launch of our
Instagram membership, the InstaClubHub,
which is the number one Instagram
community and resource in the world. I'm
very proud to say that, and by the way,
if you want to check it out, we will put
the link in the description below so you
can join for 2 weeks for just $7. But we
had a big webinar coming up that we were
trying to get a lot of people to sign up
for. Once the webinar happened though, I
was faced with a dilemma. Do I delete or
archive the post that were promoting the
webinar, or was there some other
solution? And thanks to this feature
from Instagram, what I was able to do
was I was able to go to some of these
slideshows, some of these carousel
posts, and delete just the last slide.
Because it was only on the last slide
that I was talking about the webinar and
telling people comment this keyword for
the link to the webinar. So by deleting
that final slide, people were still able
to enjoy the carousel, the carousel was
still able to get reach, the reach and
engagement of the carousel originally
received still counted on my account,
but the final slide, the call to action,
was no longer there, and so people
weren't getting confused with outdated
information. As someone who cooks about
95% of their meals at home, and no,
that's not an exaggeration, usually the
only meal that Tay and I eat out each
week is our sushi Saturday. What we eat,
what we prepare, it matters a lot to us.
And that's why I'm so excited to
introduce you to our newest sponsor,
HelloFresh. HelloFresh allows you to
choose between more than 100 recipes
every single week, including cuisines
from all around the world, and bigger
portions that satisfy everyone. Over 35
of those weekly recipes are high-protein
recipes, which fires me up, and it
allows me to feel great because I know
that I'm eating wholesome ingredients
like sustainably-sourced seafood and
100% antibiotic- and hormone-free
chicken. And of course, most important
of all is how it tastes, and let me tell
you, it actually tastes really good.
This helps me be a better business owner
because I'm able to eat meals that taste
good and help me feel satisfied. I don't
have to spend as much time thinking or
prepping each meal, and I can make sure
that I'm hitting my protein goals in the
process. Go to hellofresh.com/byt10fm
meals plus a free Zwilling knife, which
is a $144.99
value on your third box. This offer is
only valid while supplies last. Free
meals applied at discount on your first
box for new subscribers only and varies
by plan. The third use case for the
ability to now reorder your carousels is
you could come up with some sort of
interactive game. Essentially, you would
use your first slide to introduce the
game and tell people the instructions.
You could say something like, here are
10 selfies that I've recently taken, and
I'm trying to decide which one is going
to be my new profile picture. And so
based off which one you like, which one
you actually double tap on, that one
will be moved to the first position,
that one will be the first slide in the
carousel, and that one will be
ultimately what I make my new profile
picture. So you could kind of gamify
people's interaction, and ultimately
what this relies on is a feature that
you may not even realize existed that
Instagram rolled out about a year ago,
where Instagram will tell you how many
likes each slide has received. So once
you've posted your carousel, if you tap
that button that says view insights and
you scroll down, Instagram will show you
slide number one got 13 likes, slide
number two got 47 likes, slide number
three got 36 likes. And that will tell
you directly when people are engaging.
And that directly leads to my fourth,
final, and I believe most powerful use
case for the new ability to reorder your
carousel, and it's what I'm going to
call the hook swap strategy. This
strategy is going to be most effective
on carousels where the sequential order
doesn't matter. The sequential order
does matter if you are telling a story
or using your carousel to teach step
one, step two, step three in a process.
But if you do what's called a curated
collection carousel, that is, for
example, a carousel with multiple
different memes, and maybe all these
memes are related to the same topic, but
they don't necessarily interact or talk
to each other. Like you don't have to
see the first meme for the third meme to
make sense. You don't have to see it in
the exact order of slide one, two,
three, or four for any of them to be
funny. Another example of a curated
collection carousel would be a carousel
where each slide has some sort of
motivational quote or some sort of image
that's very inspirational. You don't
have to necessarily see the fourth image
after the third image for the fourth
image to make sense. And so what you can
do here is a few hours after posting,
you can check your Instagram insights,
and they will tell you which slide is
getting the most likes. Which slide is
actually making people want to double
tap and like this carousel. And what you
can do is you can then reorder the
carousel and drag that slide, let's say
it's the fourth slide that is getting
the most likes, to be the new first
slide in your carousel. That means
instead of burying what has been proven
to be the most effective or most
engaging slide as your fourth slide,
it's now going to be front and center.
It's going to be the first thing that
people see. You could also do that, and
I would recommend also doing that with
whichever slide is getting the second
most likes, and I would put that in the
second position. Now, basically, you are
just maximizing the effectiveness of
this carousel based off what people have
already been engaging with. The second
Instagram algorithm update that you need
to be aware of pertains to Instagram
stories and it is an updated best
practice for getting the most possible
views on your Instagram stories. Now,
this is actually something that I've
been talking about for a while, but we
finally have confirmation from Adam
Mosseri himself. Most specifically, this
recommendation pertains to the practice
of sharing your new feed post to your
stories. Something that a lot of people
do to get more attention on their feed
posts. As soon as they post a reel or a
new carousel, they will share it to
their story and encourage their story
viewers to click on it and view their
feed post. And while this is definitely
an effective strategy for getting more
clicks and views and engagement on the
feed post, this has been shown to
decrease your story views. According to
Adam Mosseri himself, they do not
automatically suppress stories that have
new posts added to them. But also
according to Adam Mosseri, those kinds
of stories typically tend to get less
views because they're just not quite as
interesting. We don't suppress stories
about new posts, but in general those
kinds of stories are often not quite as
interesting as
other stories. Basically, for most
people or most accounts on Instagram,
they want Instagram stories to be
Instagram stories. They don't want
Instagram stories to just be a billboard
promoting whatever your latest new post
is. If your goal on a particular day is
to maximize your feed post views, aka
you want more views on your reel or more
engagement on your carousel, then on
that particular day share your carousel
or your feed post or your reel or
whatever it may be to your stories.
However, in doing so, you need to
understand that it is likely on that
specific day your story views will be
lower than they usually are. So, if your
goal is not to maximize feed views, but
on a particular day you want more story
views, maybe because you're doing some
sort of sale on your stories, maybe
because you have a question sticker that
you want a lot of responses to, for
whatever reason, if you want more story
views on any particular day, do not on
that day share any feed post, whether
they are your own or someone else's, to
your stories. If your goal is to
maximize your story views, I'll put a
link in the description and somewhere on
the screen right now of an episode that
I uploaded last month, almost exactly a
month ago today, that is how to maximize
your story views in less than 5 minutes.
But again, the big takeaway here is that
if you want more story views, do not
share any feed posts to your stories.
Back in 2016 when I started my first
real online business, I remember that my
head was filled with so many what ifs.
What if no one buys this? What if I'm an
impostor? What if there's no market?
What if I can't sell? What if what if
what if? What if this is all just a big
waste of time and I'm just banging my
head against the wall. But what I wish
someone told me back then is just like
you can imagine all the negative what
ifs, there are just as many if not more
positive what ifs. What if this works
out? What if this is my breakthrough?
What if this is what sets me financially
free? And thanks to one of today's
sponsors, Shopify,
it's easier than ever to turn those
positive what ifs into reality. Shopify
is the e-commerce platform behind
millions of businesses around the world
and it now represents about 10% of the
entire e-commerce market in the US. From
some of the most famous and well-known
brands in the world like Gymshark to
solopreneurs, Shopify has you covered.
Shopify helps you get the word out about
your e-commerce business as if you had
an entire marketing team behind you. It
easily helps you create email and social
campaigns so that you can attract
customers wherever they're scrolling.
And if you ever get stuck, Shopify has
24/7 round-the-clock award-winning
customer support. That way you can
tackle the important tasks from
inventory to payments to analytics all
in one place. No need to bookmark
multiple websites and sign up for
multiple tools, you can do it all in
Shopify. It makes your life easier and
it makes your business operations run
smoother. It's time to turn those what
ifs into
with Shopify today. Sign up for your $1
per month trial at shopify.com/tribe.
Go to shopify.com/tribe.
That's s h o p i f.com/t
r i b e. Algorithm update number three
that you need to be aware of is another
one that I've been talking about for a
while that we finally have confirmation
of from Adam Mosseri and that is that
you are allowed to re-upload your own
posts as many times as you want.
Essentially, recycling or reusing any
post that you have posted in the past is
allowed with one exception and that
exception is trial reels. If you have
previously posted a reel to your feed or
as a trial, you are no longer allowed to
upload it a second time or a third or
fourth time as a trial reel. I should
say more specifically, you're allowed to
do so, like Instagram won't stop you
from posting a reel a second time as a
trial reel, but when you do so, you just
likely won't get any views. Basically,
Instagram will suppress the views on
that specific trial reel, not allow it
to reach new people because Instagram
flags it as a duplicated video. But if
you're just trying to like post the same
reel 10 times as trials at the same time
in order to try to work around our
systems and get more reach, we see that
as spam and we're going to try to shut
it down.
So, if you're someone who uses and/or
relies upon trial reels, basically every
single trial reel that you post needs to
be unique and different from anything
else that you have ever posted to your
feed or to trial reels in the past. But
the same does not go for your Instagram
feed and this boils down to the strategy
that I like to call upcycling, taking
stuff that you've previously posted and
reusing it. You're a business owner.
You're trying to grow a brand or a
community. You're not probably a
full-time content creator. You don't
have hours upon hours every single day
to constantly be creating new posts. So,
what I would suggest for you is exactly
what I do for myself, which is that for
every post I make, once 90 days have
passed, I post it a second time. And
then 90 days after that, I post it a
third time. And I do recommend posting
everything at least three times in order
to give it an opportunity, in order to
give it a chance to reach new people.
Sometimes it won't perform well the
first or the second time, but then on
the third time it will go viral.
Sometimes it will go viral the first
time and then the second time it will
flop and then the third time it will do
really well. So, for every post that you
create, as long as it is evergreen, as
long as it would make sense in April and
in January and in September, post it
three times. And if it does well at
least one out of those three times, then
post it a fourth time. And if it does
well one out of those four, then post it
a fifth time. Basically, continue
posting it until you have three
consecutive posts or three consecutive
uploads of said post that all don't
perform well. If three times in a row it
doesn't perform well, it flops, it
fails, then you can go back to the
drawing board and figure out why is it
not performing well? Is it the hook? Is
it the way I'm structuring the video? Is
it something in the visual that just
isn't working right? But I want you to
give it at least three strikes before it
strikes out. And again, space each of
these posts out by at least 90 days.
That's my personal recommendation. Adam
Mosseri himself actually recently said
that you could re-upload your posts or
recycle your posts every single day if
you wanted to. The algorithm will not
punish you for doing so, but he would
recommend against it and I would
recommend against it as well because
it's likely that if you're posting the
exact same thing on Monday as you are on
Tuesday as you are on Wednesday, your
audience is going to get annoyed or
bored. But most of you are probably
concerned with your audience getting
annoyed or bored every 90 days when
they're not. Most people are seeing
thousands of posts every single day. And
so if your video is uploaded once today
and once 90 days from now, your audience
has seen tens of thousands, maybe even
hundreds of thousands of posts in
between the two that you just posted.
So, they probably don't remember. Many
of them probably didn't even see it the
first time and the few who did see it
the first time and do remember it
probably wouldn't mind seeing it again
because it was probably memorable
because it was that good. It was that
engaging. It was that insightful. It was
that funny or relatable and so they
wouldn't mind seeing it again. So, if
you want an easy strategy, an easy hack
if you will, for posting more and thus
growing more without having to
significantly increase your input or
your time spent, I want you to start
upcycling every post you make.
Everything you make, post it at least
three times. Now, that perfectly segues
me, it's almost like I wrote the outline
for this episode, into the fourth
algorithm update, which is that
Instagram is cracking down on what they
call aggregator accounts.
Aggregator accounts are meme pages.
That's the easiest way to think of these
accounts. They're accounts that don't
really create their own original
content. They just kind of collect the
best content from around the internet
and re-upload it on their own account.
And for many years this was a very
effective way to grow on Instagram. Some
of the biggest accounts on Instagram are
aggregator accounts. Even accounts like
SportsCenter or ESPN are technically
aggregator accounts because they're just
taking popular clips from around the web
from other people and re-uploading them
to their own profile. This crackdown was
something that Meta and Instagram and
Facebook originally announced actually
back in the summer of 2024, but we've
yet to see it implemented very
stringently and we've yet to really get
any updates on what the guidelines are.
That is until now. Meta has added new
specific language to outline what is
considered an aggregator account and
what they're going to be cracking down
on. This is account A taking a reel that
account B has already posted and
reposting it or re-uploading it as their
own on account A. Kind of like stealing
content. Whether they got the
permission, whether they got the
approval or whatever from account B,
they weren't the original one to upload
it and so Instagram is cracking down on
them for doing so. And there's basically
two different levels to these
aggregators. The first one is obvious.
It's duplicate content. Essentially,
what I've already described, posting an
exact copy of something that someone
else has already uploaded or even taking
multiple videos or multiple clips from
other people that other people have
uploaded and putting them together into
one video without significantly changing
or modifying them, that would also be an
aggregator. So basically, if you're
making compilation videos, that That be
an aggregator and that would be
suppressed by Instagram. The second
category is what they call low-effort
edits. And this is a common way that
aggregator accounts have tried to trick
the algorithm after this news was made.
Basically, they will take the original
video, and they will add a border, or
they will add closed captions, or they
will change the text labeling the
situation, but it's basically the exact
same content. It just looks maybe a
little bit different. Maybe they'll add
a watermark for their company logo. That
is a low-effort edit, and that is going
to be suppressed by Instagram.
Additionally, they're going to be
cracking down on low-effort reaction
videos. Now, the keyword in that is
low-effort reaction videos. Low-effort
reaction videos are the ones where
someone says, "You've got to watch
this." And then it just plays someone
else's video, or they're like, "Check
this out." And then it just plays a reel
that someone else posted. There's not a
high effort there. There's not a high
amount of originality. 99% of the
content is what someone else posted. All
you've done is said, "Watch this." or
"Check this out." Those are being
cracked down on. What is not is the
high-effort reaction videos like my
daily reviewing one of my followers'
reels every single day videos, which, if
you haven't seen over on my Instagram,
brock11johnson, please follow me, by the
way. I'm almost at 900k, and I want to
hit a million this year. One of the
things I'm doing is reviewing one of my
followers' reels every day until I reach
1 million followers. And so, what I am
doing is I'm, yes, sharing someone
else's reel that someone else has
already posted, but I'm adding
commentary. I'm breaking it down. I'm
giving them feedback. I'm giving them
ideas of things that they could change.
And so, that's a high-effort reaction
video, and that is okay per the
Instagram algorithm in their latest
updates. For the last few years, I've
been using Notion to basically organize
my entire life. It's so much more than
just a to-do list app. It's truly a
one-stop shop for organizing any area of
your life or business. And it's not just
great at organization, it's also great
at automations as well. There's so many
complex things that you can do and build
that can happen automatically and
instantly within Notion. And now, for
the first time, they are introducing
Notion AI agents. The new Notion custom
agents will allow you to automatically
perform advanced tasks without you even
having to lift a finger. For example, I
built a Notion custom agent that
automatically pulls the link to any reel
that I have posted, and then it pulls
out the text that I say or the text on
the screen in the first few seconds of
the reel. Basically, it pulls out my
hook. And then it's able to look at how
that post performed and compare it to
the hook, which allows me to see which
hooks are actually working so that I can
reuse them and tweak them for future
reels. Notion is an AI-powered connected
workspace space for teams. Notion brings
all of your notes, docs, and projects
into one space that just works. It's
seamless, flexible, powerful, and with
AI built in, you spend less time
switching between different apps and
tools, and more time creating great
work. Now, with Notion's custom agents,
busy work that used to take hours, or,
let's be honest, didn't really get done
at all, runs itself. The easiest way to
think about the difference between a
custom agent and normal AI is that
normal AI requires you as the human to
prompt it, but custom agents work for
you 24/7 behind the scenes without you
having to lift a finger. But don't just
take my word for it. Notion is used by
more than half of Fortune 500 companies
and some of the fastest-growing
companies in the world like OpenAI, the
company behind ChatGPT. Try custom
agents now at notion.com/byt.
That's all lowercase Notion, n o t i o n
com  byt. Try custom agents
today, and when you use my link, you're
supporting our show. Again,
notion.com/byt.
These next two algorithm updates come
from a Social Media Today study of about
10,000 reels, and they found some really
interesting statistics about what is in
the reels and what predicts whether or
not they're going to perform well. And
this first one, which is algorithm
update number five, might surprise you,
and that is that speech-based videos, so
basically reels where there is either
someone speaking directly to the camera
or there is a voiceover in the
background, those get a 5.6%
higher engagement rate than music-only
videos. So, if all of your reels are
just the 7-second trending audio with a
B-roll video and some text on the screen
style reels, consider including your own
voice, whether that's you speaking
directly to the camera or adding some
sort of voiceover into the background.
Additionally, including human speech in
your reels increases watch time by
almost 25%
up to about 10 seconds as the average
watch time. So, if you want to retain
your viewers for longer, which you
should because that's something that the
Instagram algorithm really prioritizes,
then consider including human speech in
your reels. The second thing that we
learned from that study, which is also
our sixth overall update in today's
video, is that when there's a human
face, or at least a person, appearing
within the first 3 seconds of the video
and being on the screen for at least 1
second, retention improves by 10%. So,
basically, put a human face in the
beginning of your video. Put a human
face in your hook. Have your face on the
screen at the beginning of the video,
and people will be more likely to keep
watching and engage. Our seventh
Instagram update that you need to be
aware of is another what we're going to
call a finally feature, one of those
features that Instagram finally gave us
after years of asking for it, and that
is the ability to pause reels with a
single tap. In the past, if you tapped
on a reel, it would mute or unmute the
reel, but so many people have been
asking for the ability to pause reels.
Now, you can. Whether you are viewing
the reel in full-screen mode or in the
condensed in-feed viewer, if you just
tap once, a single time, on the reel, it
should pause the reel. This could be
used for a lot of different features.
This could be used for some
gamification. I'm sure you've seen the
style reels where there's an object
moving across the screen, and the
creator will say, "Tap on this reel to
pause it." And if you can pause it at
the right moment, you're going to get
some sort of discount, or you're going
to win some prize or something. Those
style reels are going to be even more
effective now that people can just tap a
single time to pause. Before I share the
eighth and final update with you, which
might actually be the biggest and most
important of all, three features that I
want to make sure that you're aware of
that might help you out as a business
owner, but if nothing else, I just want
them to be on your radar. Number one is
a new kind of Instagram stories, which
is going to be called spin stories.
These stories are only available for
people who have the Meta glasses. But
essentially, what it's going to allow
you to do is if you take a video using
the Meta glasses, and you go to post
them on your Instagram stories, you're
going to be able to turn on this spin
feature, which will allow your viewer to
kind of rotate their phone or spin their
device, and thus view different angles
of your story. It's kind of like virtual
reality. The second bonus update that I
wanted to share with you is yet another
one of those finally features, which is
that you are finally able to edit your
comments after posting your comments.
Now, not everyone has this feature just
yet, but Instagram is beginning to
slowly roll it out, and theoretically,
all you have to do is long-press on any
comment that you have left, press the
edit button, and then you'll be able to
correct typos, reword grammar, or delete
that emoji that you didn't mean to add.
And then the final bonus feature that I
want to let you know about is something
that's still in testing, but if this
comes to Instagram, if this becomes an
actual feature, it's going to be a
flippin' game-changer. Like, it is going
to revolutionize. It's going to be one
of the biggest updates in the history of
Instagram, and that is that they are
testing allowing links in captions, or I
should say clickable links in captions.
Now, of course, you've always been able
to add a link into your caption, but the
problem is no one's been able to click
on it. And so, since they haven't been
clickable, there's been no point in
adding a URL into your caption. But what
Instagram is currently testing is
allowing Meta verified users to add
clickable links into your captions. Some
people are allowed unlimited links in
their captions. Some people are allowed
three a month, five a month, 10 a month.
There are rumors that it might be tied
to the monthly fee that you are paying,
but I just want that to be on your
radar. I do think that Meta verified is
worth it. I think it's something that's
generally more helpful than it is
harmful, and so it's something that I do
recommend, but ultimately, that's up to
you. And last, but arguably most, the
eighth Instagram algorithm update that
you need to be aware of comes directly
from Adam Mosseri himself, and that is a
confirmation as to which forms of
engagement are most effective. To say it
another way, if you want to reach more
people and get more views, and thus more
engagement on Instagram, what should you
be prioritizing? Should you be making
content that gets a lot of comments and
gets people talking? What about posts
that are super educational and get a lot
of saves? No, it's neither of those, and
it's actually not one clear answer, but
different answers depending on what your
goal is. Adam Mosseri has said that if
you want more disconnected reach, which
is the term that Instagram uses to
describe reach that comes from
non-followers, if you want more views
and more engagement from people who do
not already follow you, then you should
prioritize share-worthy content. Content
that gets more shares will help you
reach more new people. I've done an
entire episode on what is share-worthy
content in the past and how do you
create it more efficiently without
having to be some dancing clown. And so,
if you want to check that out, I will
link that up in the show notes below.
But the other kind of engagement that is
very important, that is actually more
important if you want follower reach, if
you want your existing followers to see
what you are posting, then you should
prioritize likes. The kind of content
that quite simply is getting people to
double-tap and like your post is more
likely to reach more of your existing
followers. And I know we're not on
Instagram right now, but if you made it
this far in this video, it's probably
because you like this content, so it
would mean a lot to me if you press that
thumbs up and give a like to this video.
It really does help out the channel a
lot. And thank you so much for watching
today. As always, happy networking.
>> [music]